Remove IS References (#61)
asgardeo/asgardeo-auth-react-sdk: README.md

#### Description

> As the name implies, this method is used to sign-in users. This method will have to be called twice to implement the two phases of the authentication process. The first phase generates generates the authorization URl and takes the user to the single-sign-on page of the Asgardeo, while second phase triggers the token request to complete the authentication process. So, this method should be called when initiating authentication and when the user is redirected back to the app after authentication themselves with the server.

Reviewer: Identity server is a generic term here. Should we change this?

Author: Fixed with 3ab5a77eb6f06027c2ab6e93fbd0c7368c71a57e

This method attempts to sign a user in silently by sending an authorization request with the `prompt` query parameter set to `none`.
This will be useful when you want to sign a user in automatically while avoiding the browser redirects.

> This uses an iFrame to check if there is an active user session in the Asgardeo by sending an authorization request. If the request returns an authorization code, then the token request is dispatched and the returned token is stored effectively signing the user in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This uses an iFrame to check if there is an active user session in the identity server by sending an authorization request. If the request returns an authorization code, then the token request is dispatched and the returned token is stored effectively signing the user in.
```

#### Description

> This method ends the user session at the Asgardeo and logs the user out.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This method ends the user session at the identity server and logs the user out.
```

Author: Fixed with 3e9e55f546cd969eea2cac14e7dddd7dda7bc99e

#### Description

> This method is used to send http requests to the Asgardeo. The developer doesn't need to manually attach the access token since this method does it automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This method is used to send http requests to the identity server. The developer doesn't need to manually attach the access token since this method does it automatically.
```

| `"end-user-session"`     | `endUserSession()`                                                               | A boolean value indicating if the process was successful or not                         |
| `"custom-grant"`         | `customGrant()`                                                                  | Returns the response from the custom grant request.                                     |

> **When the user signs out, the user is taken to the Asgardeo's logout page and then redirected back to the SPA on successful log out. Hence, developers should ensure that the `"sign-out"` hook is called when the page the user is redirected to loads.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**When the user signs out, the user is taken to the identity server's logout page and then redirected back to the SPA on successful logout. Hence, developers should ensure that the `"sign-out"` hook is called when the page the user is redirected to loads.**
```
